update documentation  with JMS 2.0 (#833)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/brokers/configure-with-activemq.md

2.  Download and install WSO2 Micro Integrator.
3.  Copy the following client libraries from the `ACTIVEMQ_HOME/lib` directory to the `MI_HOME/lib` directory.

    **ActiveMQ 5.18.0 and above**

    !!! Note 

>         Apache ActiveMQ Classic 5.18.0 brings initial JMS 2.0 (javax.jms API namespace) and Jakarta Messaging 3.1 (jakarta.jms API namespace) client support. See the [JMS 2.0 page](https://activemq.apache.org/components/classic/documentation/jms2). for more details on the available functionality and how to use the Jakarta Messaging support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Apache ActiveMQ Classic 5.18.0 brings initial support for JMS 2.0 (javax.jms API namespace) and Jakarta Messaging 3.1 (jakarta.jms API namespace) clients. See the [JMS 2.0](https://activemq.apache.org/components/classic/documentation/jms2) documentation for more details on the available functionality and how to use the Jakarta Messaging support.
```

    -   activemq-broker-5.18.0.jar
    -   activemq-client-5.18.0.jar
    -   activemq-kahadb-store-5.18.0.jar  
    -   hawtbuf-1.9.jar
    -   Slf4j-api-1.6.6.jar
    -   activeio-core-3.1.4.jar (available in the `ACTIVEMQ_HOME/lib/optional` directory)  

>     **ActiveMQ 5.8.0 Till 5.17.x**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **ActiveMQ 5.8.0 to 5.17.x**
```
